case "Build config did not create any jobs" added. (#2689)
travis-ci/docs-travis-ci-com: user/common-build-problems.md

- **"GitHub payload is missing a merge commit"**, please confirm your pull request is open and mergeable.
- **"Branch excluded per configuration"** or **"Branch not included per configuration"**, please make sure your branch is not [explicitly excluded](/user/customizing-the-build/#safelisting-or-blocklisting-branches) or [not included](/user/customizing-the-build/#safelisting-or-blocklisting-branches) in your `.travis.yml` file.
- **Build type disabled via repository settings**, please make sure your Push and Pull Request builds are still active.

> - **Build config did not create any jobs.**, please make sure your conditions in your `.travis.yml` file could create a job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Build config did not create any jobs.**, please make sure the conditions in your `.travis.yml` file have created a job.
```
